 Simply being considered for a Pulitzer Prize puts journalists and the papers they work at in an elite group -- like the Academy Awards. And similar to this year*s Oscars, the Pulitzers are currently the center of a really good fight. After a two year investigation the series concluded that doctors at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, called Hutch for short, did not adequately inform patients of the risks involved in the clinical trials they were a part of. Many patients died -- prematurely, according to the series. A year later, Uninformed Consent has won 4 major journalism awards and the series is rumored to be a finalist for the Pulitzer. Steve Goldstein, a spokesman for the Wall Street Journal, puts it bluntly. That same day the Seattle Times fired back with their own op-ed, Good Journalism, Bad Critique -- about Landro*s piece. She didn*t even speak specifically to any of the details. She is a professional journalist writing about a topic which she*s very knowledgeable about. Why did the Journal decide to publish Landro*s op-ed now versus a year ago. The Seattle Times contends and the New York Times suggests that the Journal may have been trying to derail the series from getting a Pulitzer. This concern for accuracy, normally a good thing between journalists, can become a weapon in the hands of private institutions who may use it to bludgeon even worthy Pulitzer Prize submissions, says Dave Boardman at the Seattle Times. This is about the Hutch trying to keep us from getting a Pulitzer Prize. But I honestly believe that they tried to intimidate the judges, not just the Pulitzer judges but other contest judges, by the sheer volume of it. Seymour Topping, director of the Pulitzer committee, says that*s not true. He declined to be taped for this interview but he did say, adamantly, that the board resists lobbying. That doesn*t mean that a close look at that history leaves you feeling that the prizes are badly tarnished. Even in the most rarified news rooms, that*s a distinction worth fighting for. Also the FCC makes TV more accessible for the blind. 