 I can answer questions about his life (not to personal), career, childhood and many more. I HAVE BEEN A FAN FOR ABOUT 11 YEARS NOW AND I WOULD BE GLAD TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR QUESTIONS ON MICHAEL JACKSON. GIVE ME A (HOLLA) Available Ask A Question Michelle Jackson View Profile Okay heres the info about me. I am 12 and I have liked Michael Jackson ever since I was 3. I can answer questions about his life (not to personal), career, childhood and many more. (",) Available Ask A Question Jackie View Profile Hello. com because I am very knowledgeable in areas concerning Michael Jackson. I own all of his solo albums, including his newest one, Invincible. i have read many biographies about him, and I am constantly looking up new information. I know some personal facts too, for example, his nickname given to him by Quincy Jones while recording Thriller and Off the Wall (Smelly). In conclusion, I believe I would be a good addition to AllExperts. Thank you for taking the time to look over my application. Available Ask A Question Nichole View Profile i can answer almost any questoin u ask me. It may take me a couple days to answer your question. Available Ask A Question CRAZY FOR MJ View Profile Hi. He first won my heart after he performed Man in the Mirror back in 1997. Available Ask A Question HIStorically Moonwalking View Profile I will answer everything. I will research your answer if i am not sure, but theres been no one that has stmped me yet. View Profile Hi I have been a fan of Michael Jackson for as long as I can remember. I am happy to answer all questions regarding Michael Jackson. Available Ask A Question HIStoically Moonwalking View Profile Good Morrow peoples. I love MJ with all my heart and support him by any means possible. I will answer any and every question with the best knowledge that I have. I love Michael Jackson with all my heart and he is truly the finest men that hit this planet. I can answer anything from how he grew up to the latest news, from the most ugliest tabloids to the truth behind them. Available Ask A Question Lobo_moonwalking View Profile Howdy fellow michael jackson fan or if your just passing through, i can and will answer every one of your questions. Ask me about the Jackson 5ive days and The jacksons, even his solo career anything at all i know it all. Even if you want to know about every day things I can give it a go. Hope to talk to you later keep Michaeling Lobo_moonwalking Available Ask A Question Kristen View Profile I can answer general questions. 