gif"; Community First Our Story Our Vision Our Leaders Careers Investor News CFBX Stock Financial Reports Conference Call Request Info Investor Contacts Conference Call A look back - and ahead. Welcome to the Community First Bankshares, Incorporated 4th Quarter Earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, you will be invited to participate in a question and answer session. At that time if you have a question, you will need to press the star key followed by the 1 on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, January 16, 2003. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Anderson, Chief Executive Officer. Welcome and thank you to all of you for joining us on the conference call for fourth quarter and full year 2002. I am Mark Anderson, President of Community First Bankshares. And participating in the call with me today will be Ron Strand, our Chief Operating Officer and Craig Weiss, our Chief Financial Officer. Two-thousand-two, what a year, from so many perspectives. As a result of the events and performances in 2002, the landscape for the public company marketplace continues to evolve. To that, we add the difficulties a number of companies have had in delivering financial statement integrity, and we face an unusual temperament in many areas. You need look no further than the performance or lack of performance of numerous market indexes during 2002 and over the recently ended three-year period. As we all know, the NASDAQ composite has reflected a difficult period. Our three-year annualized total shareholder return stands out at 22. We*re ending 2002 the same way we began it, with a challenge to every member of the Community First team to actively support our long-term investments and strategic initiatives and to strive to realize consistent and stable improvements in performance. Despite the difficulties of an interest rate environment that has surprised most observers and participants, we recognized a strong financial performance level in 2002. Earnings per share of 50 cents represented our second strongest quarter ever. These are only a few of the measures of success that we*ve been able to accomplish during 2002. The third year of a sustained bear market-a year which presented an unprecedented and extremely challenging interest rate environment; a year which witnessed economic softness in many areas of the economy and across many geographies; a year in which we continued to hold true to our vision and made additional significant investments in our future. We*re pleased with the results of the quarter and of the year, and I*d like to ask Craig Weiss and Ron Strand to share some additional comments. Although we would like to report a sequential increase in earnings per share in fourth quarter, we are extremely pleased with the fourth quarter and full year earnings per share in light of significant challenges posed by a sluggish economy. Fourth quarter represented the second consecutive quarter of net interest margin contraction. Record low interest rates, including the most recent 50-basis point cut in the Fed funds rate, prepayments in mortgage-backed securities and fewer reinvestment opportunities, have all contributed to a lower net interest margin. Until we see an increase in economic expansion, many of the same themes present in the last half of 2002 could continue into 2003. During fourth quarter, cash flows from maturities and prepayments were reinvested at a minimum of 150 basis points lower than the current portfolio yield. Like much of the industry, this scenario suggests the likelihood of additional net interest margin compression until we see a rebound in the economy. The company will continue its disciplined approach to asset and liability management and intends to maintain a strong net interest margin at the top of its peer group. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in deposit service charges due to lower volumes and deposit-related charges such as overdrafts. For the year, non-interest income was up a modest 2. 2 million from 2001 and was partially offset by gains on the sale of OREO property recognized in 2001. We continue to be very pleased with our ability to control expenses during the quarter and throughout 2002. The decrease in non-interest expenses is primarily the result of the reduction in personnel-related expenses of 4. 7 million decrease in personnel-related expenses and decreases in other expenses such as advertising, printing, courier and postage charges. 2 million increase in net occupancy primarily related to the early lease buyout of our mainframe computer. The ability to control expenses is a result of efficiencies gained through implementation of our strategic initiatives and ongoing disciplined expense management. As noted in the press release, even as we control expenses, we continue to make prudent investments in people, training and systems to accommodate our growth objectives. This is down 35 basis points on a linked quarter basis. Taking advantage of a different stock price and share availability in mid-December, the company repurchased 667,000 shares in fourth quarter and 1. The company anticipates more modest repurchase activity in the next couple quarters and reaffirms its commitment to maintaining strong capital levels, while prudently managing our shareholders* equity. I will now turn the call over to Ron Strand, our Chief Operating Officer. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our performance. I*d like to start with some comments on credit volume and quality. While residential real estate lending has remained robust, driven primarily by refinancing, other sectors remain slow. However, we have been successful in growing our indirect portfolio modestly through our expanded dealer network. With respect to residential real estate, we have stayed in close contact with our higher growth markets in an attempt to determine a level of construction and real estate activity and the general mood of homebuyers and investors. We have very few homes financed that fall into this category. In addition, we remain very cautious with speculative construction and land development loans. Commercial real estate activity is strong in select markets. I do want to stress that our commercial real estate portfolio is very diversified, with the vast majority of our loans to small or midsize companies, which tend to be less sensitive to economic slings. We continue to be very selective on requests for loans to the lodging industry, as this remains a weak segment. The agricultural sector remains under stress, especially in areas impacted by the drought. However, our exposure to production agriculture is only 6. With respect to credit quality, we have experienced an increase in non-performing assets from . While we are disappointed with the increase in non-performers, it is reflective of the weak economy. Our Special Assets Group continues to move product and credits through the workout process. We anticipate very little, if any, loss on these assets. The rollout of our loan center initiative is on schedule, with an anticipated completion date in the fourth quarter of 2003. We remain very pleased with the acceptance and performance of our loan centralization initiative. In summary, we remain very committed to improving our loan quality through rigorous underwriting, strong credit administration processes and the loan centralization initiative. Our approach to credit remains one of quality versus quantity. Simply stated, we will not compromise our credit discipline to increase loan volumes. Now I would like to turn the conference call back to Mark Anderson. We recognized record performance in many areas during 2002. However, we*re not satisfied to stay at those performance levels. We continue to challenge members of the Community First team to embrace our strategic initiatives and to focus on the solutions culture that we*re building. And 2003 already has the ingredients to be even more eventful. As you*ve heard from Ron and Craig, we face a challenging aggregation of economic and marketplace factors which will dampen some of the progress we had originally intended for 2003. However, with Community First, we*re confident in our data and the integrity of operations throughout the organization as we strive for continued quality performance. Some time ago, we adopted the phrase coined by football coach, Woody Hayes to describe our approach, "Three yards and a cloud of dust. " As you can see from our performance over the past three years and the progress we*ve made, this does reflect our approach. And we*ve also been able to make and take advantage of a few big plays and realize those opportunities. Our performance in security sales, insurance, SBA lendings stand out in the industry. The gains we*ve made with our new on-line initiatives for personal banking and business banking are surpassing expectations. While we*re disappointed that we*re not able to add any additional markets to our organization through bank acquisitions or market extension during 2002, we*ll continue to seek properly-priced bank acquisition opportunities. We*ll continue to bring additional insurance agencies into our organization, and we will move forward with the market extension strategy that we*ve developed. All in the industry face a unique set of challenges as they enter 2003. We at Community First are firm in our resolve to adhere to our vision and values while fulfilling our purpose, improving lives through financial solutions, and in implementing a set of strategic initiatives that we believe will differentiate us in the future. Again, we*d like to thank you for your time, your interest and your investment. With that, I*d like to open the conference call up to questions. Your first question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. And I think you should be congratulated on the last three years. You guys have done exceptionally well in the last three years. The one thing I wanted to talk about a little bit was the margin. But what - you talked about the potential for a down margin. What makes your margin stabilize and what would make it go up. You know, generally speaking, we*ve historically talked about the benefit of having a steep yield curve, which we do have now. The thing that we were to looking at internally is we really need to see some better reinvestment opportunities. We need to put some dollars back into the loan portfolio. So generally speaking Jon, it*s going to take a little bit of economic vitality, some additional reinvestment opportunities to help us increase the margin ongoing. We continue to take a look at deposit rates ongoing to see if there*s anything we could do there to help stabilize margin in the meantime. But looking for some additional economic activity Jon. Again, as a community banking organization with the core funding levels that we have and the mix of deposits we have, we*ve seen a number of categories where we have had very modest ability to reduce interest rates over the course of the past two to four Fed funds cuts. So as we look at it, there definitely are interest rate environments that are more conducive to long-term profitability. The magic question is when, and if you want to give us some guidance on when Jon, I guess we*ll all be better off. The other question is, when you look at the amount of your revenues that are generated from net interest income if you will--and I know you know the question*s coming Mark--but when you look at - listen to what you and Ron and Craig are saying on some more tepid earning asset growth and a tougher margin, my sense tells me that 2. We believe we*re positioned to improve EPS further. It*s not in our minds going to be as a double-digit rate we would have targeted in a different economic environment. But our expectations for the year as we focused on full-year performance rather than quarter-to-quarter performance, recognizing there is some seasonality and cyclicality of our performance, it really does suggest that we have the ability to improve earnings per share that approaches the levels that are commensurate with the lower end of the band of expectations and estimates that are out there today. And I guess the other question is, the other thing - Mark, I know you*re big on just capital allocation and how you use your capital, and Craig made a comment on the buyback. What is - what do you view as the primary use of capital right now. Is it the buyback, is it a dividend increase, although you*ve done that recently. And you*re correct, we have focused significantly on the allocation of our capital. We would look at it and suggest that primary opportunity, or primary allocation of capital, may shift from quarter to quarter based on the opportunities. We*d like it to be a situation where bank acquisition opportunities represent a good allocation of capital. But frankly, given everything we*ve seen for the opportunities for us, and really what*s happened across most of the markets we place our interest in, we really don*t see that as being a near-term opportunity to allocate capital. We*ve tried and strived to be fair and representative in our dividend policy. We*d like to maintain a stable dividend policy which suggests that we would like to see our dividend level increase as we go and proceed through 2003. We also look at other opportunities to augment capital. Those more modest opportunities are really in the area of insurance agency acquisitions. We completed four last year that integrated very, very nicely. We*re going to continue to look for those opportunities this year and we have some comfort that we*re going to see a number of those come together. But they have tremendous long-term returns on capital. The other area that we have developed that is more of a short-term impact on earnings capital rather than balance sheet capital is that of looking for market extension opportunities. Dependent upon the growth rates that we might be able to realize as we move down that path over the course of the next 12 months, they would be very modest capital utilizers. That really leaves us what we think is the most viable alternative over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, and that is to utilize those excess funds to repurchase shares. Again we continue to think that we represent a very, very good return opportunity in the marketplace and are not adverse to continuing to execute under our repurchase program. And again, I*m not sure that one takes precedent over the other because there*s a real balancing act. But I think if you look at it on a weighted basis, a pretty significant amount of capital over the next 12 to 18 months is really going to be balanced between fair and ongoing dividend policy and timely effective repurchase activity. From a capital standpoint, Craig did identify modest reduction in capital. We had increased our capital for most of the past two years on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We continue to be within the band that we believe is fair and appropriate. We*d like to see our capital ratio increase modestly. But again, there*s a lot of factors there relative to opportunities to repurchase our stock or put that capital to work elsewhere. That*s very helpful and I think your comments on quality over quantity are absolutely right on in this environment. What are your expense growth and your revenue growth assumptions like for - good if you could kind of range them for us in *03, you know, high side, low side and what your various - how they play out under various scenarios. We really have not given formal guidance in any of those areas. Those growth expectations and change expectations are a function of so many diverse variables, especially as you look at different categories. Whether it be earning asset-driven interest income categories or whether it be non-interest income categories, clearly we expect the most significant growth rates to occur in a handful of our fee income growth areas. So I guess as we look at it and look across our geography, you see more banks than we do. And I think that we are not going to be an anomaly and be able to recognize an abnormal growth rate in those income categories relative to our peers. And I think that as Ron suggested, we*re not going to focus on quantity over quality. It*s going to be a long-term quality perspective for us. So that*s about the best I can give you at that point. So if we were going to get growth next year, we could probably expect more aggressive expense management. But our expectation is that the number you threw out is an expense level reduction that is a huge number. And that*s not a level that we would anticipate seeing for 2003, again, especially recognizing that we*ve continued to make some relatively significant investments in our loan center and in moving forward with an on-line teller on-line platform system. What about the tax rate - came down a little bit here this quarter. Just wondering kind of is that kind of, you know, was that as a result of pretty aggressive tax management strategies and what. Is it an ongoing kind of change or is it one time in nature. And no, it would not be a result of any aggressive tax management strategies. End of the year typically when you come whole on some assumptions and annualization factors and so forth that are occurring throughout the year, I think when you look at the overall tax rate for the year, it*s pretty commensurate with what we saw for the quarter. You know, we did see the effective tax rate a little bit lower in second and fourth quarter, but not directly attributed to anything in particular. Your next question comes from Ron Peterson with Sandler O*Neill. I was wondering if you just could explain what*s going on in the portfolio. You were looking at the quarter-end loans or year-end loans versus the averages. If, I mean, was this out of the loan sales at the end of the quarter. I mean, I would imagine that if your period-end numbers are going down, your average number would decrease as well, rather than increase. And I was just wondering what was going on within the portfolio. 65 billion number, the average being relatively consistent with the quarter-end number. Again, I think that that is only modestly a result of some of the production and sale activity of SBA loans. The balance of it really is going to come down to borrower behaviors and some of the things that we saw in terms of some relatively notable pay-downs and some of the balances of our customers. It would have been there through the bulk of each of those quarters. We had some securities that were going to be maturing in the early part of first quarter and in essence have become fully funded, if you will, as those securities roll out. So this is kind of an anomaly, but the point-in-time measurement, it*s not a strategy, if you will. We were flush with some liquidity as you look at the November timeframe with public funds, etcetera. So it was more of an anomaly settlement issue over year-end, as opposed to any type of leveraged strategy Ron. We feel very positively about the performance we*ve turned in for 2002. We*re anxious to move through and address the challenges of 2003 and continue to report on what we believe will be ongoing execution of our strategic initiatives and continued improvements in our performance. 