 Michael Craze (1942-1998) Fans Remember Michael Michael remembers Patrick Troughton Ben Craze (2001) e-mail Ben a surprise birthday greeting Ben*s message to Dr. One of the most underrated but highly charismatic companions to ever travel on the TARDIS. A message from Ben Craze to Doctor Who fans "Hi, and welcome to the new-look website dedicated to my Dad, Michael Craze. I would like to thank Webmaster Chris Elliott for doing such a great job. I hope it brings back nice memories of my dad and the enormous fondness he had for *Doctor Who*. I know Dad always regarded *Doctor Who* as one of the favourite moments of his career. He had such a brilliant time making the programme, in fact when he got the part he celebrated by painting the town red with my Uncle, the director Peter Craze, and after a few pints decided to tightrope walk on the edge of the kerb (sidewalk). Then, as one would expect, he fell off and as he went down he hit his nose on the edge of the kerb, subsequently breaking it. His nose was never the same again while mine is straight, like the rest of the families. Dad loved the fact that even after he left the series, he never lost touch with it. His fellow actors from the programme that became good friends, Patrick Troughton, Frazer Hines and the lovely Anneke Wills, and others that are too numerous to mention. He also cherished the friends he made later, especially at all the conventions he went to. I also went to a couple with him too, and really enjoyed myself. The rest was placed into an ornate flower pot that belonged to Mum, and now by my half-sister Karen. We planted a blue tinged rose bush into it, and every year on Dad*s birthday (November 29th) Karen pours a glass of wine into it and wishes him a Happy Birthday. I*m at college now doing engineering, and hope to become a precision engineer. It would be nice if I could attend more *Doctor Who* conventions in the future and meet everyone who made my Dad feel so special. In the meantime, enjoy the site, thanks for all your friendship and don*t forget to raise a glass of your favourite tipple on his birthday, and keep your rosy cheeks blooming. Lots of love, Ben Craze July 2001" NEWS - This page has gone a long time without updates, but we are back to celebrate the life of Michael Craze as well as talk about his best known character, sailor Ben Jackson from Dr. As most fans know, Michael passed away in 1998, but this page hopes to keep his spirit alive. Things are really picking up as audios of most of his missing stories are being released. His son Ben has been attending some conventions to meet with fans of his father as well as auction some of his father*s items off for charity. As a surprise his mother would like as many Doctor Who fans of his father as possible to e-mail him a birthday greeting. READ MICHAEL*S RECOLLECTIONS OF "THE WAR MACHINES" . Both witnessed the regeneration from William Hartnell to Patrick Troughon, the 2nd Doctor in the final episode of "The Tenth Planet". Not suprisingly, they didn*t buy into this "regeneration" business at first. The dialogue between them and the new Doctor in "Power of the Daleks" episode 1 is some of the finest of the series. One of these was to replace the companions, Steven and Dodo with more contemporary and "with-it" companions. Although Steven and Dodo were okay, they were the innovations of the previous production team and he felt that there was a need for a change. Peter Purves, who played Steven, felt his character had no direction and wanted to move on. To replace him, a character called Rich was developed to accompany the Doctor and Dodo. Rich would be a streetwise character from contemporary London. Later it was decided also to write out Dodo, and Polly was created. Rich was modified to the Cockney sailor named Ben and the rest is history. Father, now dead, was wartime sailor and peace-time dock-crane driver. Ben trained at sea school from age 15, having previously stowed away on cargo ship for adventure to get away from his unhappy home. Enjoys all sports, especially boxing and athletics - interested in all things mechanical and electrical and in true Navy fashion can turn his hand to most things, including basic cooking and sewing. However, it should be remembered that he may have completed his education between 15 and meeting the Doctor at age 24. Jamie calls him this once in "The Underwater Menace" episode 4, but this is the only occassion. -BBC "Past Doctor" Adventure Ten Little Aliens by Stephen Cole (Book to be published by BBC Books in 2002) -The Tenth Planet (4 episodes, 1-3 exist on video. Released by the BBC in 2000 Michael Craze did a "link" for episode 4 in an abortive video release. -The Power Of the Daleks (6 episodes, no video exists. Telesnaps published by DWB, currently available in the DWB Compendium. Telesnaps published in DWB, currently available in theDWB Compendium. Telesnaps are currently being printed in DWM 251-254. There are also some non-canonical stories with these companions. I am slowly adding these stories to the sumarries page starting with "Food For Thought". During Doctor Who*s early years, John Cura was asked to keep a visual record of some Doctor Who stories, apparently for future reference. What was done was that a picture of the episode was taken every few seconds while it was being transmitted. Taken together, these telesnaps present a visual record of stories in which video no longer exists. Since their discovery, the magazines DWB and DWM have brought these telesnaps to Doctor Who fans. My answer is that of all the companions to travel on the TARDIS, he is the one I most identify with. He is a regular bloke who finds himself accidently traveling with the Doctor. I guess it is the fact that he is so non-special that makes him special. But coming from one of the most least known periods of the show*s history, there is little for us fans. This page is an attempt to give Ben his rightful place in the show*s history. I dedicate this day to my own learning and growth, and to the service of all our relations. Spirit, help me to live this day with love and joy, to be fully present at all times and to follow my heart. And thanks to Anthony Wolf and Roy McCutcheon for believing I should do this and Jason Miller who keeps giving me wonderful ideas on how to improve this site. 