 Compassionate insightful advice to help you feel better today. The author of this book is very accurate in describing the pain of a heartbreak, the reasons why we hurt so bad, and the way to cure your broken heart and move on to a better life. If you*re the kind of guy who can NEVER get a woman interested in you as anything other than a friend. If you*re the kind of guy who can NEVER think of anything clever to say to a woman to get a conversation started. If you*re the kind of guy who can NEVER get past his choking fear of being rejected. If you*re the kind of guy who can NEVER actually get laid. This self-hypnosis- training program includes many goal achievement techniques and strategies. You will also learn non-hypnotic techniques to guarantee your success in achieving your goals. The kind of sex life you want is easily attainable if only you*re open to making a few changes in your attitude towards women and sex. is the World*s best, extremely comprehensive, easy to read EFT Emotional Freedom Techniques training manual that teaches you how to quickly and painlessly heal emotional issues from your past and release emotions that get in your way today and tomorrow. How Much Better Could You Feel Right Now If You Could . Discover Three Amazing Secrets To Achieve Inner Peace And True Happiness In Just 3 Simple Steps, You*ll Learn How To Quickly And Easily Create A New Life - One Guaranteed to be filled with Love, Peace and Happiness . "The Supreme Confidence programme was brilliant - it felt totally safe, it was fun, moving and challenging all at the same time. I felt that I had been stroked with loving kindness ,and came away with clarity about my values, some tools for maintaining boundaries, amazing insights into myself and conviction about ways to reconnect with my true and natural confidence. Just follow the formula in my ebook and you too can find love, great sex, perhaps your soulmate, happiness and of course the perfect relationship. Whatever you are looking for, you will find help in my ebook. It still does not make any sense, but I found my soulmate and my life has turned around. It also illustrates numerous uses of this method in therapy and for special purposes. Are You Putting Up With Any of These Painful Feelings. Experimenting through the whole range of alpha waves ( from 8 - 12 Hz) it was found that a combination of frequencies consistently caused a spontaneous relaxation of mind and body. This relaxation was so pronounced at the generated frequencies that customers have described their experience as *an amazing release of stress and tension*. You can now recreate the effect for yourself by downloading the frequencies directly from the internet and listening to them on headphones. The programme lasts for 20 minutes and works every time . How Would YOU Like To Be Able To Go Into YOUR *ZONE* On CUE. How Would YOU Like To Be Able To Step Up YOUR Game INSTANTANEOUSLY. How Would YOU Like To Be Able To Turn *IT* On Quicker Than AT ONCE, Faster Than RIGHT NOW. Welcome To The Greatest Self Empowerment Program In History. THE MASTERS COURSE Will Show You How To Do ALL These Things And MORE. See Motivational and Inspirational Hard Cover and Paper Back books. Most books are in stock and available for instant shipment. 