 Speakers - abstracts - Global Investigative Journalism 2001 Copenhagen Abstracts - Global Investigative Journalism, Copenhagen 2001 International data for journalism across borders By Jennifer LaFleur, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, USA, here lists a number of links to organisations that gather data from chosen areas around the world. These organisations collect international telecommunication data ranging from the Centre for Disease Control to the World Bank and the Federal Communications Commission in the USA. Furthermore, Jennifer LaFleur gives a short series of tips on how data can be obtained and used. Write so it makes an impression Ten tips to create a readable investigative story. As editor for a group of investigative journalists on the Seattle Times in the USA, David Boardman has been involved in several Pulitzer prize-winning projects. Here he has concretised his many experiences into ten points that function as a benchmark and inspiration for those journalists passing on the most newsworthy investigative stories to their readers. Smuggling of Nigerian Women By Kenny Uzoma, Nigeria. During the 90*s there was a marked increase in the number of Nigerian women tempted over to Europe, and then forced into prostitution. The trade in women has deep roots reaching into the Nigerian police force and official agencies. Policemen, customs officers and government officials work together with the human smugglers for enormous profits. Yet the human cost for the women who live as sex slaves, held captive by terror and constant threats of violence, is equally enormous. Secrets of the schools By Marjan Agerbeek, Trouw, Holland. When the Dutch journalist, Marjan Agerbeek, decided to chart how students fared in the individual folk schools in Holland, she set herself up against a system with a tradition for keeping information on its own performance secret. The information on how the students from the various schools fared was never published and Marjan Agerbeek had to go through the Dutch legal system before data on the country*s 2200 schools was made available to her. Every year since, Marjan Agerbeek has focused on the achievements within the Dutch school system. The following is her script for a successful investigative project on how the schools take care of their tasks. Introduction to maps as surveying CAR-tools By Jennifer LaFleur, St. In the discussion she gives examples of how the mapping can be used to find worthwhile stories in an otherwise unclear data set. The information which can be hidden to the eye in endless amounts of numbers, suddenly stands out clearly when data is visualised. Jennifer LaFleur also gives an introduction to the mapping program Arcview, where she guides the reader, step by step, through the basic functions. How to track down people across borders By Noemi Ramirez, Research Editor, El Mundo, Spain. Noemi Ramirez* guidelines are a gold-mine for the criminal reporter and journalist who works on stories from the former Yugoslavia. Ramirez - who, besides working for El Mundo, lectures on research at the university in Salamanca - provides the reader with electronic sources for all parts of the research phase. From the organisation that keeps an eye on corruption in all parts of the world to the page that shows the names, descriptions and pictures of suspects from the whole world who are on the run. She ends with a story that demonstrates how the sources can be used in practice. Dying to the sound of Pearl Jam By Pernille Tranberg and Hans Drachmann, Politiken, Denmark. Nine young men died at the Roskilde Festival in June 2000, during a concert by the American band, Pearl Jam. The nine were crushed and suffocated in a sea of people in front of the stage. After the accident, journalists Pernille Tranberg and Hans Drachmann, began to examine the course of events. They have since written around 45 stories uncovering the festival*s safety preparations, and the Roskilde Police, as seriously lacking. Read here how the journalists handled the task as well as a selection of the most essential articles. Cigarette smuggling - tips and background By George Georgiou, CyBC, Cyprus. Cyprus is today a pivotal point for cigarette smuggling on a record scale. The young journalist, George Georgiou, has followed the tobacco companies* illegal mega-business. He describes how cigarette smuggling is organised in Cyprus and gives a number of tips to the journalist who wishes to cover cigarette smuggling. How to research the extreme right wing By Mark Hunter, Senior Researcher, Insead, France. But fortunately, other examples can be found where the opposite is true and the preparation makes all the ingredients fuse together, making the final product a great experience. Several good examples follow from journalists at the Washington Post and Seattle Times, amongst others. CAR-check up Ten questions editors should ask themselves before the start of a CAR-story. When new methods emerge they are often seen as the seventh wonder and the key to all good stories. This also applies to computer supported journalism. They ought to appear, however - rather than a wonder- more like a journalistic work tool. Although the computer gives the journalist new possibilities, David Boardman and Richard Galant have made a reality check, to ensure that enthusiasm doesn*t go over the top. By answering the ten questions on the list, one can create a good picture of whether computer supported journalism is a good idea for a particular story. Mentally ill Swedes with firearms certificates By Johan Braanstad and Hannes Raastam, SVT, Sweden. It turned out that throughout Sweden there are people with diagnosed mental problems AND firearms certificates. It proved to be the case that, in a number of the tragedies, the killers were mentally ill. Read here how the two journalists got the authorities to co-ordinate the records of persons holding firearms certificates, persons with mental illness and persons who have broken the penal code. Here David Boardman draws on all of his experiences from his job as editor for one of the best American groups of investigative journalists on The Seattle Times and delivers the gathered schedule for the good investigative stories from start to finish. Every step in the process from idea development to coaching and the writing phase itself, is covered. Boardman*s introduction exudes energy and ought to be definite reading for anyone planning on becoming immersed in bigger investigative stories. Writers on the writing process By David Boardman, The Seattle Times, USA. The research phase is heavy and demanding; the writing phase is given a lower priority; and the story is thrown together too quickly. Doubts about the capacity of high court judges By Nils Mulvad, DICAR, Denmark. Until the autumn of 1997, the Danish high court judges lived a quiet but content life with limited work in courtrooms and lots of lucrative side-jobs. Nils Mulvad fought to obtain data about the judges* work and thereafter analysed the data material in the computer. The result was a string of articles which exposed the judges* lack of interest in courtroom work and their numerous side jobs, many of which causing the judges serious capacity-related problems. Read how working methodically with data contributed to the story*s unveiling. Reality for the Palestinian media By Khalid Abu Aker, Arabic Media Internet Network, Palestine. Investigative journalism has straitened circumstances in the autonomous Palestinian territories. Previously it was the Israelis severe censorship that put obstacles in the way for journalists, whereas today it is the Palestinian authorities that, via big business bonds with the media, control what is turned into a story. Journalist Khalid Abu Aker tells here the way in which the Palestinian press is managed and lists a number of ideas as to how investigative journalism could gain a foothold in the autonomous Palestinian territories. Guidelines for using international data By Jennifer LaFleur, St. Jennifer LaFleur gives a brief introduction on which things one should be aware of when one works with data from other countries. Following from this, she goes over the most basic mathematical manoeuvres for working with statistical information. International data By Nils Mulvad, committee chairman DICAR, Denmark. In his introductory presentation, Nils Mulvad calls for improvements in the collection of domestic data, so as to facilitate worthwhile international investigative stories, where journalists from various countries can work together. Tips for investigating the PR business By Nicky Hager, New Zealand. As a journalist it is crucial to be able to see through the tactics of the PR game that often lie behind the news that is served up by private firms, politicians or others with a particular agenda, who use the media to promote their viewpoints. Stringent and constructive management from an editor can be crucial if projects based on computer supported journalism are to be successful. From the early stages where the right group of journalists are put together to the final communication of the project*s results, where complex numbers and analyses are made appetising for the ordinary reader. Here follows the process step by step - a cook book for the successful CAR-project. On October 4th, 1992, an El Al Boeing 747 crashed into a block of flats in a suburb of Amsterdam. Officially, the flight was laden with flowers and perfume, but it has since come to light that the primary cargo consisted of weapons, toxic chemical substances and enriched uranium. Vincent Dekker was, for a long time, the only Dutch journalist interested in the case that showed itself to be considerably bigger than was first assumed. Read Vincent Dekker*s report on the course of events. 