 Michael Jackson tag, biographical information can be inserted into this page that will increase search engine ranking by raising the frequency of keywords throughout the document. June 14, 1995 "Scream" has its network television premier, when Diane Sawyer interviews Michael Jackson on "Prime Time Live" (ABC network). July 28, 1995 The television special, "Michael Jackson Changes HIStory," airs on ABC Network and MTV. The 30-minute broadcast features the world premier of the new short film, "You Are Not Alone," directed by Wayne Isham. In a unique use of split-screen technology, MTV airs Jackson videos and special pro- gramming while simulcasting the chat session on television. Thus, Jackson breaks his own record for highest debut which he set with "Scream. " September 8, 1995 Michael Jackson*s 15-minute performance opens the MTV Music Video Awards telecast, live from Radio City Music Hall in New York. January 11, 1996 HIStory is certified 6X platinum in the US. Within the next year, the album has sold more than 13 million copies worldwide (US sales included). February 28, 1996 "Scream" wins the Grammy Award for Best Music Video - Short Form. This is Michael Jackson*s 13th Grammy Award as a solo artist. May 10, 1996 Michael appears at the World Music Awards in Monaco, where he receives five awards and performs "Earth Song. " September 2, 1996 Michael Jackson kicks off his HIStory World Tour in Prague. October 25, 1996 A new 35-minute film, Michael Jackson*s "Ghosts", is shown in selected Sony Theaters across the US. Starring Michael Jackson, the film is directed by four-time Academy Award winner Stan Winston and features music based on the song "Too Bad" from HIStory. January 3-4, 1997 The HIStory World Tour concludes with two sold-out concerts at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii--Michael Jackson*s first US performances since the "Bad" tour of 1989. March 7, 1997 The Soul Train Music Awards names its top honor The Michael Jackson Award for Best Video. The Michael Jackson Award is presented to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony for "The Crossroads. " May 1, 1997 Michael begins a major European tour in Bremen, Germany with dates running through August 24, 1997. Released simultaneously with the album is HIStory On Film Volume II, a new collection of the artist*s short films and television performances. Off The Wall Don*t Stop *Til You Get Enough Rock With You Workin* Day And Night Get On The Floor Off The Wall Girlfriend She*s Out Of My Life I Can*t Help It It*s The Falling In Love Burn This Disco Out Thriller Wanna Be Startin* Somethin* Baby Be Mine The Girl Is Mine (With Paul McCartney) Thriller Beat It Billie Jean Human Nature P. Radio Mix) Earth Song (Hani*s Club Experience) You Are Not Alone (Classic Club Edit) HIStory (Tony Moran*s HIStory Lesson) Michael Jackson Greatest Hits HIStory Volume 1 in stores 11. 01 Billie Jean The Way You Make Me Feel Black Or White Rock With You She*s Out Of My Life Bad I Just Can*t Stop Loving You Man In The Mirror Thriller Beat It The Girl Is Mine Remember The Time Don*t Stop *Til You Get Enough Wanna Be Startin* Somethin* Heal The World Your browser does not support frames. Some of the features on this site require a frames-capable browser. You will also need to download and install WINSOCK. Macintosh users should contact AOL directly for help. 