 All the Commissioners voted aye and the motion was declared carried. All the Commissioners voted aye and the motion was declared carried. (2) Amending Section 25-1513(A) of Article 25-15 of Chapter 25 of the Fargo Municipal Code Relating to Alcoholic Beverages (making it unlawful to possess an open container on public property including streets or sidewalks). (3) Enacting Section 10-0326 of Article 10-03 of Chapter 10 of the Fargo Municipal Code Relating to Panhandling (omitted). Receive and file Year to Date - Budget to Actual Report for November 2001. Auditing services contract with Eide Bailly for the 2001 audit year. Contract with Medical Manager Strategic Markets for HEALTHPRO computer software. Designate the Safe Communities Coordinator as the person to sign notices in connection with hearings to consider suspension of authority to sell tobacco products. Mutual Release Agreement with Capitol Indemnity Corporation and Norwest Bank North Dakota regarding a dispute. Authorization for letters in support of the proposed National Housing Trust Fund to the North Dakota Congressional members. Option to Purchase agreement for property at 60 Broadway. Records Management System Agreement with Cass County to allow access to the records management system in the Police Department. Award of bus shelter cleaning contract to Enhanced Properties. Time extension requested by KBW for the repair and replacement of the Fargodome roof and continued deduction of the additional expenses from the amount payable to KBW. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Contract for Tree Planting and Incidentals Improvement District No. for Tree Planting and Incidentals Improvement District No. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Contract Bond for Tree Planting and Incidentals Improvement District No. 00, for Tree Planting and Incidentals Improvement District No. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. On call of the roll Commissioners Cosgriff, Lynch, Bromenschenkel, Rayl and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. On call of the roll Commissioners Cosgriff, Lynch, Bromenschenkel, Rayl and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. On call of the roll Commissioners Cosgriff, Lynch, Bromenschenkel, Rayl and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Hushka said currently the policy approved by resolution on November 27, 2000 is based on a sliding scale where the amount of exemption diminishes as the property value increases. Hushka stated after discussion and dialog with representatives of the FM Home Builders Association, the Committee recommends continuing the exemption for homes constructed in 2002 according to the same sliding schedule and guidelines as the existing policy. Commissioner Lynch stated he struggled with the pros and cons of a two-year tax exemption. He said because of the attractive interest rates that are available right now and because the area that is being constructed is very desirable, it is a real possibility that a lot of homes would be built anyway. He said it is good to have these homes built and in the long run it will benefit the schools. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Rayl, Cosgriff, Bromenschenkel, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. Strand stated these fee increases represent an eight percent increase over the existing fees and some fees are not proposed to be increased. Strand stated the proposed increases were sent to the F-M Home Builders Association for their information. Strand stated the last fee increase was a year ago and there were no fee increases from 1989 through 2000. Mayor Furness stated the City has asked all departments to look at their increases as smaller increases over every-other-year or every year which would be better than waiting 10 years and having huge increases. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Lynch, Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. The City Auditor*s Office published a Notice of Hearing stating this is the time and date set for said Hearing at which time all interested persons could appear and would be heard. Senior Planner Cindy Gray stated because of the need to withdraw the property by the railroad tracks and turn it over to the City, the size of the Plat recently changed and is now 115 acres. She said it is now 3 lots and everything north of the railroad tracks met the requirements of the easements. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the rezoning be approved. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. On call of the roll Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Said tract of land is located south of 19th Avenue Northwest, west of 45th Street Northwest, and east of 9th Street East. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. The City Auditor*s Office published a Notice of Hearing stating this is the time and date set for said Hearing at which time all interested persons could appear and would be heard. She stated the site is approximately 27 acres and is the last piece of undeveloped property on 13th Avenue. She said there were some concerns regarding 52nd Street but those issues have been resolved. Commissioner Bromenschenkel questioned the amount of land for storm water retention purposes. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the rezoning be approved. Commissioner Bromenschenkel stated the reason he questioned the storm water retention was because he recently attended a storm water seminar and not too far in the future storm water will need to be treated. He said the City should look towards that in future planning processes. Gray stated the Engineering Department has already been working on that and that issue is becoming a part of the planning process. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. On call of the roll Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Said tract of land is located north of 13th Avenue Southwest and east of 17th Street East. On the vote being taken on the question of the adoption of the Resolution Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the Resolution was adopted. Blair, President of Fargo Broadcasting Company, Inc. stating his company wishes to appeal a denial by the Fargo Planning Commission for a Conditional Use Permit to erect a 125 foot television broadcasting tower at 603 11th Street North in Fargo. Blair stated the Planning Commission thought his company could use a place on the City water tower across the street and thus a new tower would not be needed. He said the water tower is not suitable for television because the television antenna would have to be 15 feet above the roof of the tower to avoid reflections. The television antenna is 25 feet, he said, and this would bring the total height to at least 185 feet since the water tower height is 145 feet. He stated the Federal Aviation Administration only allows 150 feet at this location because of Hector International Airport. He said he would like to place the tower on the south side of the building at this site and the proposal before the Planning Commission was for the tower to be on the north side of the building. He said the south side location would have the tower toward the adjacent light industry area which included an unpaved street, warehouse, railroad tracks and no residential house in sight. Also, he said, the building would screen the tower from view from the north. began television broadcasting from 603 11th Street North on June 24, 1998 and the company wishes to have the 125 foot steel tower replace a 72 foot wood pole. He stated it is their desire to lease for 10 years with option to renew a strip of land 22 feet in length by 10 feet wide from the City of Fargo. He said this will enable the tower to be centered on the concrete foundation. He stated the company is also willing to purchase the strip and leasing or purchasing the strip would remove an objection by the Public Works Projects Evaluation Committee to having anything on public right-of-way. He said there are thousands of fences throughout the City on public right-of-way so this seems inconsistent with reality. He said property owners in a six block area of this site approve of the television broadcast tower. Blair stated he went to all property owners and got unanimous approval to put the tower on the south side on the existing pole. He said the tower would face the railroad tracks and the unpaved street and there are no houses in sight, but on the north side it gets closer to residential areas. He stated he has been in broadcasting and the television industry for 21 years and he knows exactly what is needed. He stated he explained the situation to all the people in the neighborhood and no one had any objections. He said the tower will be a very sturdy tower and will uphold 150 mile an hour winds. Mayor Furness questioned the reason the tower cannot be placed on the north side of the property. Blair stated it would be closer to the residential area and a couple of the neighbors did not want it directly over their houses. Senior Planner Cindy Gray stated the Commission does not have the option of reconsidering denial of the Conditional Use Permit as an appeal was not filed within the 10-day period. She stated no public notice was made for a public hearing and no notices were mailed to property owners so that aspect of this proposal cannot be considered. She stated the idea of the tower being placed south of the house would require a new permit application. Regarding the concept of towers and new regulations, Ms. Gray said the Land Development Code says that towers are to be of a stelt appearance and that water towers or existing towers are to be used to mount an antenna on. She said monopoles are being used around the country and in Fargo and are more expensive. She stated that because of the size of the lot it makes the requirements impossible regarding placement of the tower. She said this is a very difficult location to work with. Blair stated a monopole is not suitable for a television broadcast station. He said he wants to keep Fargo moving forward without all of these obstacles. Mayor Furness stated the Land Development Code was created by input from citizens around the City. City Administrator Pat Zavoral stated the City has suggested that if Mr. Blair truly needs this tower maybe he should look at the old landfill site as that site is further out where the industrial sites would allow him a little more freedom. He stated there are other options out there for Mr. Commissioner Rayl moved the decision of the Public Works Projects Evaluation Committee be upheld and that the encroachment request be denied. On call of the roll Commissioners Rayl, Lynch, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. He stated the RRBB, an international, non-profit organization, was formed to initiate a grassroots effort to address water issues in a basin-wide context. The RRBB, he said, provides a unique forum for facilitating inter-jurisdictional and international communication and cooperation. He stated understanding and cooperation are essential to the success of long-term, effective solutions. He said the RRBB is maximizing this rare opportunity by using experts at every jurisdictional level to develop an ongoing, coordinated, comprehensive water management plan for the entire Red River Basin. He said this water management plan will develop targeted goals and objectives for numerous water management issues related to water supply, water quality and flood damage reduction strategies. One piece of this plan, he stated, will be the development and implementation of basin-wide and tributary flood level reduction targets. He said the RRBB is looking forward to joining North Dakota cities in their efforts to improve the quality of life for residents of the Red River Basin. He stated these benches are located on City right-of-way and generate some revenues for the City. He said the primary benefit to the City, however, comes from having seating provided for the benefit of transit riders. When benches are located off of transit routes, this creates confusion and frustration for potential transit users. Besides discouraging citizens, the City can lose valuable potential transit patrons. Benches located off of transit routes create proliferation of advertising on public spaces. Benches can create obstacles for our Public Works and Street departments. Examples are snow removal obstacles, traffic site angles, etc. The new contract will be worded carefully to minimize such problems, but we should only approve benches on City right-of-way when there is a clear benefit to the City for doing so. Also, he stated, no more than one bench at any location within a single-family residential zone (SF zone) should be allowed. Further, he said, it is recommended that multiple benches at any location in a non-SF zone require City approval to ensure that there is a legitimate need for the seating. He said potential bench advertisers may object to these conditions but it is in the best interests of the citizens of Fargo to require them. Planning Director Jim Gilmour stated the current standards have caused some trouble for ridership and have created some confusion. He said the changes may reduce the number of benches but it will serve the transit system well. Mayor Furness questioned if the current owner of the benches has been informed of the proposed changes. Gilmour stated they are aware of the changes but would prefer they be put on any corner any where, but most of the concerns have been worked through with them. Gilmour stated FM Bench Company currently owns the benches. and if they are not the successful bidder they will have to remove the benches and the new bidder will purchase new benches. Commissioner Bromenschenkel moved the RFP, which stipulates the above listed conditions, be approved. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Lynch, Rayl, Cosgriff and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. She stated the study was completed following an extensive yearlong public involvement and data gathering process with guidance from a steering committee. She said Federal Transit requires the TDP as part of the transportation planning process for the receipt of federal funds. David Martin of the Chamber of Commerce of Fargo-Moorhead stated he has had the privilege of chairing the steering committee and praised the process and the elected officials, City staff, Transit staff, riders from the metro area and the business community for working closely on developing the plan. He thanked Commissioner Rayl and City staff for an excellent job. Consultant Will Calves summarized the development plan stating the study process has been going on since March. He stated the areas that need to be served are being served and there are no immediate needs to eliminate any routes. He stated these changes do not involve any new costs and some of the changes that require additional funding can be placed on the five-year plan. In terms of funding, he provided a table summarizing the needs of capital and operating funds. Mayor Furness requested that the City be provided a copy of the service analysis portion of the study. Calves stated this is a generalized plan and each specific piece would come back for approval before it is implemented. Commissioner Rayl moved the Fargo-Moorhead Metropolitan Area 2002-2006 Transit Development Plan be approved. On call of the roll Commissioners Rayl, Bromenschenkel, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. Commissioner Bromenschenkel moved the 2002 Capital Improvement Project listing be approved as submitted by the Public Works Projects Evaluation Committee, subject to all normal requirements of project development and public input. On call of the roll Commissioners Bromenschenkel, Rayl, Cosgriff, Lynch and Furness voted aye. No Commissioner being absent and none voting nay, the motion was declared carried. All the Commissioners voted aye and the motion was declared carried. 