 CMC is also well organized through its strategic CMC Design Center to service the needs of OEMs requiring customized software development, onsite training and support. The Senior Management Team Larry Green, President David P. Recently Larry served as CTO of the Santa Barbara Technology Incubator, and prior to that was Vice President of The Commerce Capital Group. In his early career Larry managed engineering research projects at UCSB, including an ARPAnet interface for an IBM 360, one of the first four hosts on the ARPAnet, now the Internet. Larry has founded and operating a number of successful technology companies. In 1981 Larry founded the original Communication Machinery Corporation (CMC), which was acquired by Rockwell International in 1988. Larry also served as a founding director of Wavefront Technologies in 1984, which was publicly traded on the NASDAQ until acquired by Silicon Graphics in 1995. Larry founded the Xpress Transfer Protocol Forum (XTP Forum). Larry has served on numerous ANSI, ISO and IEEE standards committees, driving emerging LAN and WLAN standards to practice and product. Swan, Vice President, Business Development Dave*s career in Internet and technology business spans over 27 years. He has been a key executive involved in the successful growth of multiple international companies and has been an officer involved in several significant software company acquisitions and Initial Public Offering*s. He was President and founder of Executive Tactics, a CEO tactical support and advice company. , he led the company through rapid growth and expansion in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) market. , a Web based expert consultation and portal company. He has served as Executive Vice President of Marketing with Discreet Logic Inc. , a leader in advanced digital special effects and editing systems, and as Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Wavefront Technologies, Inc. Derek*s areas of expertise cover Data Communications and Telecommunications. Recently Derek worked at Zhone Technologies in Westlake Village where he managed a remote engineering group in the development of an IAD (Integrated Access Device) for the Voice over DSL market. Prior to that Derek has worked at Zuma Networks, Ericsson and ACT Networks where he managed engineering groups in building a Gigabit Ethernet Router, Network Access Server (NAS) and Voice over Frame Relay products along with an associated SNMP based network management system. Derek holds an MBA from Pepperdine University, and a BS in Computer Science from CalPoly. Over the years he has built many successful companies and brought hundreds of innovative products to market. Prior to joining CMC David was Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Epidemic Networks, and before that he held the position of Vice President, Product Development at ValueClick Inc. David has also held senior management positions at MetaCreations Corporation, Silicon Graphics, and Unisys. David has founded and managed two successful technology startups during his career. In recent years David was fortunate to gain first hand experience at Netscape Corporation, where he was instrumental in positioning and marketing Netscape*s product line. Recently Larry served as CTO of the Santa Barbara Technology Incubator, and prior to that was Vice President of The Commerce Capital Group. In his early career Larry managed engineering research projects at UCSB, including an ARPAnet interface for an IBM 360, one of the first four hosts on the ARPAnet, now the Internet. Larry has founded and operating a number of successful technology companies. In 1981 Larry founded the original Communication Machinery Corporation (CMC), which was acquired by Rockwell International in 1988. Larry also served as a founding director of Wavefront Technologies in 1984, which was publicly traded on the NASDAQ until acquired by Silicon Graphics in 1995. Larry founded the Xpress Transfer Protocol Forum (XTP Forum). Larry has served on numerous ANSI, ISO and IEEE standards committees, driving emerging LAN and WLAN standards to practice and product. CIO Solutions provides customized information technology services and products that enable organizations to operate more efficiently and effectively. John is primarily responsible for developing strategic vision, large client business development, and motivating the CIO Solutions team. During the 7 year period preceding the founding of CIO Solutions, John held various technical and sales related positions in various industries. ; Master Console Operator with Grumman Industries (for the NASA Space Shuttle program); Computer Operator with Westinghouse Corporation; and Computer Programmer with Three Rivers Bank. In 1979, he graduated with Honors from the Institute of Computer Management in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Vietor has built his career on real estate projects, business development, and active trading in the equity markets. Vietor brings a high level of business experience and management to CMC. Vietor graduated from Princeton University with a BA in Business Administration. David has founded and managed two successful technology startups during his career, and served on the board of directors of both companies. In recent years David was fortunate to gain first hand experience at Netscape Corporation, where he was instrumental in positioning and marketing Netscape*s product line. 